UI

Check that it is possible to navigate through all the products across different categories.
Check that all the links are redirecting to correct category pages and none of the links are broken.
Check that all the text – product, category name and product description are clearly visible.
Check that all the images are clearly visible.
Check that category pages have a relevant product listed specifically for the category.
Check that subcategories of the main categories are correctly shown when main category is selected
Check that correct count of total products is listed on the category pages.
Check that it is possible to add subcategory for administrator for the selected category.
Check that it is possible to remove subcategory for administrator for the selected category.
Check that error meesagges are shown to user in understandable format and errors logged.
Chech that user intearction within the page is collected per user and stored in the DB and start advertising per user according to this ananlysis (≧︿≦)

Page loading symbol should be displayed when it's taking more than default time to load the result page.
The total number of results should be displayed in the result grid.
Result grids should include all the specified columns with correct values.
Result grids should be displayed with proper column and row spacing.
Pagination should be enabled when there are more results than the default result count per page.
Check for Next, Previous, First and Last page pagination functionality.
Duplicate records should not be displayed in the result grid.
Check if all the columns are visible and horizontal scrollbar is enabled if necessary.

DB

Check if correct data is getting saved in the database upon successful page submit.
Check values for columns which are not accepting null values.
Check for data integrity. Data should be stored in single or multiple tables based on the design.
Tables should have a primary key column.
For every database add/update operation log should be added.
Required table indexes should be created.
Check if data is committed to the database only when the operation is successfully completed.
Data should be rolled back in case of failed transactions.
Database logical names should be given according to the database name (again this is not standard but helpful for DB maintenance).
Check if values for table audit columns (like created date, created by, updated, updated by, is deleted, deleted data, deleted by etc.) are populated properly.
Check if input data is not truncated while saving. Field length shown to the user on the page and in database schema should be the same.
Check numeric fields with minimum, maximum, and float values.
Check numeric fields with negative values (for both acceptance and non-acceptance).
Check if the database fields are designed with the correct data type and data length.
Check if all the table constraints like a Primary key, Foreign key etc. are implemented correctly.
Test stored procedures and triggers with sample input data.
Input field leading and trailing spaces should be truncated before committing data to the database.
Null values should not be allowed for the Primary key column.

Performance

Check if the page load time is within the acceptable range. (Lazy Loading Images ?) 	███▒▒▒▒▒▒▒
Check the page load on slow connections.
Check the response time for any action under a light, normal, moderate, and heavy load conditions.
Check performance of database stored procedures and triggers.
Check the database query execution time.
Check for load testing of the application.
Check for stress testing of the application.
Check CPU and memory usage under peak load condition.

Security

Check for SQL injection attacks.
Error messages should not reveal any sensitive information.
Check for Brute Force Attacks. 	(｡◕‿‿◕｡)
Check if important events are logged in log files.
Check if access privileges are implemented correctly.